Wassup every one it's Rob here from Gadgtegyaan.com
and today Samsung has announced
two new smartphone One of them is Samsung
Galaxy Y Duos and other one is Galaxy Y Pro
Duos
In this video I am going to talk about Samsung
Galaxy Y Duos So Samsung Galaxy Y Duos
has a 3.14 inch QVGA TFT LCD display It is
acapacitive touchscreen and is 240x320
pixels in resolution It is a 3G device nad
has connectivity features like Wi-Fi,Bluetooth,USB
port
and a 3.5mm AV jack as well On the back of
the device there is a 3 Megapixel fixed focus
camera
present and there is no front facing camera
for video calling Samsung Galaxy Y Duos is
actually the
revised version of original Samung Galaxy
Y having dual-SIm support It is running on
Android Gingerbread but
it is not upgradable to Android Ice Cream
Sanwich It packs a 832 Mega Herz single core
processor along
with 3Gb of RAM Internal storage of this device
is unkown yet but you can expand the external
storage
uptp 32GB via a microSD card Price of this
device is not announced yet but this device
is going to hit the
stores in January